Five lessons women learn too late in
life part two. Number one, overgiving is
not love, it's fear of being replaced.
You think effort will make you
irreplaceible. But the reality is it
only makes you convenient. Number two,
men only value what they have to invest
in. Now when a man has to give, plan,
protect, and pursue, his emotions
actually deepen. But when you carry it
all for him, you rob him of that
attachment. The more he's investing, the
more he will be loved. The higher the
investment, the higher the attachment.
Number three, the one who truly values
you will never ever make you question
it. If you're constantly decoding,
justifying, and trying to find out if
he's serious, he's not. You have to stop
trying to interpret emotions and signs
where there are simply not. If it's not
obvious, it's non-existent. Number four,
if his words do not match his actions,
believe his actions. A man's word is
worth zero until it's backed by actions.
Mixed signals are just a polite way to
say you're not that important. And
number five, you attract better when you
stop trying to prove that you deserve
better. The energy of convincing keeps
you small and desperate. And desperation
is repelling. And number six, as a
special bonus, if you want to know how
to find a real provider man and how to
actually make him invest in you,
download my ebook, The Queen Treatment,
link in bio. Let me know in the comments
if you want a part three.